There's a growing interest in fascination involving the topic of Antarctica that
far exceeds its astounding landscapes in beauty.
And the saying that space is the final frontier. Well, that's true,
but not quite yet because let's not forget that we still don't know what's
underneath and articles,
nearly five and a half million square miles of ice or 14 million square
kilometers, which is more than a mile thick on average,
and even exceeds three miles in thickness in certain places. In fact,
there are many theories about Antarctica ranging from lost ancient human
civilizations that may be hidden underneath the frozen ice waiting to be
discovered to crashed UFO's and secret alien UFO basis.
And even curious questions as to why various world political and religious
leaders have visited the continent. And in this video,
I'm going to be connecting the dots on some really interesting and even
disturbing information.
But first let me start off by sharing some amazing details about the Antarctic
incontinent itself. For example, Antarctica is the fifth largest continent,
and it's approximately the size of the United States and Mexico combined.
And it has an incredible water volume of ice on top of it,
which equates to approximately 6.4 million cubic miles of water
volume based on the most recent and precise estimates. And in fact,
if this ice was to melt,
it would raise global sea levels by approximately 190 feet or 58
meters.
Antarctica is also considered a desert for the fact that it receives less than
two inches or 51 millimeters of rainfall every year.
And the continent underneath the ice is covered with mountain chains. In fact,
the highest mountain is Mount Vinson,
which is approximately 16,000 feet or almost 5,000 meters above sea level.
And something absolutely incredible attendant underneath the ice is a massive
trench formed by a glacier that's deeper than the grand canyon.
It's 1.9 miles deep and more than 15 and a half miles across.
And in comparison, the grand canyon is just over a mile deep or 1.8 kilometers.
Another incredible fact is that it's the site of a massive crater.
That's believed to be tied to the worst mass extinction event ever.
This crater is two and a half times. The size of the Chicxulub crater in Mexico.
That's believed to be the site where the asteroid had wiped out the dinosaurs to
put it in perspective. We're talking this Wilkes land.
Crater is 300 miles across where in Mexico,
the Chick-fil-A crater is about 110 miles across. However,
before Antarctica was covered in ice,
they have found evidence that dinosaurs once roamed Antarctica. And in fact,
the continent itself was covered in force. However,
life today pretty much consists of penguins,
various birds and other Marine mammals, such as seals,
but headlines went around the world just a few years ago when they discovered
that microbial life existed and was thriving more than a half mile underneath
the Antarctic ice shelf,
which completely shocked scientists what's even crazier is that they believe
that Antarctica and north America were once touching as they've identified
through matching rocks. And this is from a supercontinent dating before.
Pangea more than a billion years ago in comparison to Pangea,
which they believe broke up about 175 million years ago.
Now diving into some of the other interesting things about Antarctica that you
may have seen going around the internet involves this tweet that allegedly buzz
Aldrin had sent, you know,
the second man to walk on the moon who visited Antarctica last year.
And he was medically evacuated for various health issues with as long as I
believe, but here's this tweet that he allegedly sent out,
which reads we are all in danger. It is evil itself,
which of course has this photo of a pyramid shaped mountain.
That's located in Antarctica, but this is completely fake. It's been debunked.
It's been proven as a total hoax. He never sent that,
but the mountain itself is interesting.
And this is something that's gained a lot of attention.
As many people have speculated that there may be lost ancient human civilization
underneath the ice. And many people refer to this as the Antarctica pyramid,
but upon a closer inspection, it's really not. It's not a pyramid.
I wish it was a it's clearly carved out of glaciers,
but something that's looked, you know, worth looking at more closely.
If you compare it to the great pyramid of Giza, which has eight sides,
most people are not aware of that.
And it's only noticeable from the air during dusk and Dawn during the spring and
autumn equinoxes. But when you look at the photo again,
you can kind of see one side of it seems to have that line that could indicate
possibly eight sides, but is the other side you can see right here? You know,
it's just clearly not. It's just the mountain,
but there have been many other things going around the internet involving these
ancient human civilizations and Antarctica,
possibly being the location of Atlantis.
And perhaps it's buried underneath the ice and there's been other photographs.
And when people look at Google earth and there's been some interesting things
here and it's like, okay, is there something underneath the, you know,
this ice or not? Is there some had humans live?
There is the question that everyone has.
And people seem to have a real interest in this topic.
People seem to have this gut instinct that maybe people had lived there before.
So really what it comes down to is how old is the ice on top of Antarctica?
Scientific researchers have recently said that it's 20 million years older than
they had ever thought.
And it's the ice first started forming approximately 45 million years ago and
becoming the Antarctica we see today about 34 million years ago. But you know,
when we talk about pole shifts and I'm going to make a video on this entirely.
And so in short, when we're talking about geomagnetic poll shift,
which of course the world is overdue by a few hundred thousand years,
the last one was approximately 780,000 years ago with a minor one about
41,000 years ago,
which some research has indicated could have potentially been the reason why the
Neanderthals were wiped out.
Basically what it comes down to is in a geomagnetic pole shift,
the Earth's iron core shifts. And because of this,
our campuses will be completely thrown off and change complete directions,
but the earth itself doesn't just tip upside down.
But when you think about how earthquakes and volcanic activity are dependent on
shifting magma underneath our earth surface,
is it possible that during these pole shifts,
it can cause some catastrophic changes in our continents.
So when we consider how we know that our continents are moving at about an inch
a year, apart from each other, and we look at Pangea okay,
175 million years ago,
is it possible that when the massive iron core that's supposed to be at the
center of our planet,
when that shifts could that cause some catastrophic,
quick movement in our continents,
and if you think that's farfetched or ridiculous,
let's just remind ourselves of the 2011 Japanese earthquake and tsunami.
This earthquake being a 9.0 was powerful enough to change the tilt of the earth
access in shortened earth days by about 1.8 microseconds,
which might sound negligible, but it did it. But furthermore,
that earthquake moved the coast of mainland Japan by eight feet.
So we have to open our minds to what's possible involving pole shifts.
And again, I'll save that for another video, but simply my point is this,
is it possible that some of the ice in Antarctica isn't nearly as old as what we
thought it is now I can not make a video on Antarctica without mentioning Ross
filed island. That's right. There's an island named after the Ross' Childs.
And if you're not familiar with the Ross trials,
definitely look into this family and the impact that they have on or had on our
global economic society,
international banking and the central banks that are put in almost every single
country throughout the world. And most people have no idea who they are. I mean,
our whole system is made up of rules that people created.
And no one seems to know who created these rules for our system. I mean,
think about it.
The rules didn't just come out of the ground like flowers and bushes,
people thought of this stuff. And yet nobody knows who our entire lives are.
Based off this current economic,
international banking and central banking system.
And almost nobody has any idea who started it and who were the masterminds
behind it. And I mean,
I have a master's of business administration and they sure didn't teach anything
about this. I mean, the money that we have today,
Fiat money is no different than monopoly money.
It's not based on anything and people don't question it.
So when you look at actual quotes, say from mayor Ross child,
permit me to issue and control the money of a nation.
And I care not who makes its laws and his son, Nate,
Nathan Ross child went on to say, I care,
not what puppet displaced upon the throne of England to rule the empire on which
the sun never sets the man who controls British money,
supply controls the British empire, and I control the British money supply.
So it's worth mentioning.
And if you think that I'm getting kind of off topic here,
let me also mention the Rockefellers who had a huge impact,
and you may have heard about them before,
but I think the younger demographic probably is completely unaware of the
influence that they, their family had on our society today.
And it just so happens that once you look at it,
the Rockefeller mountains named after John D Rockefeller. And if you're curious,
go ahead and read this quote that John D Rockefeller said, himself,
press pause. You can have time to read it,
but let me keep going for the sake of brevity. And by the way,
there are so many different theories and conspiracies out there involving the
Ross' child. So leave a comment. If you have any insight on this stuff,
it's very taboo. It seems like to mention these people,
but I thought it was worth mentioning because some geographical land features
and Antarctica are named after them. So well,
there's that now other interesting things that you may have heard about
Antarctica,
there's been various conspiracies involving secret Nazi alien bases and
UFO's, but in my research,
I think that most of this stuff is just made up again.
I don't pretend to have all the answers. If you have insight and information,
please leave a comment and share it with all of us.
But what I can tell you is that Hitler had established a base called new Swabia.
He wanted to set up a whaling station because their economy was dependent on a
lot of it for soap and other things. And so look into that.
I just not so sure that involves aliens or anything else, but, and again,
I'm somebody that do believe that does believe that aliens are actively visiting
earth. So take it for what it's worth,
but something that is absolutely real is something that's referred to as
operation paperclip. And this is not a conspiracy.
You can read about this on cia.gov. And this was secret for a very long time.
I don't remember what year I'd have to double check when this was declassified,
but more than 1600 Nazi scientists after world war II were taken
to the United States and given jobs with the government and the Russians
received, who knows how many others, some Nazi scientists,
many people don't know this because they don't teach it in school.
But one of these scientists was Warner Von Braun, who was an SS scientist.
And you can see them here and look at the people that he frequented with.
You might recognize someone up there in the front.
And he went on to become a major player and NASA director and actually the
creator and architect of the Saturn five rocket,
which sent astronauts to the moon. This guy was a big deal. And for many years,
people had no idea that he worked at a factory and I believe Berlin
where the slowest Jewish worker was hung outside of this factory.
And he worked there and the Scion Simon Wiesenthal center said that if he was
still alive today, he would be charged as a Nazi war criminal.
And most people have no idea that this is the guy that created the Saturn five
rocket for us to go to the moon. And if you're wondering, by the way,
how this ties to Antarctica, well wonder Von Braun and top, uh,
NASA management went to Antarctica in the sixties and preparation for the Apollo
missions. And without a doubt,
the co the reason for the cold war in the first place,
as well as the reason why it never turned into a war is because of operation
paperclip Russians in the United States,
both got incredibly brilliant scientists and who knows what side was able to
develop, what type of weaponry, because of it, but to keep this going,
many people have wondered why various leaders throughout the world have visited
Antarctica. And in fact,
the highest ranking us official to visit Antarctica is John Kerry,
the went there on get this election day, 2016.
It was really suspicious how this was reported on. He went on to say, oh yeah,
I'm here researching climate change. And that's why I'm here.
But there was many different theories about this people, you know, claims that,
oh, he's visiting secrets, UFO bases that have been discovered under the ice,
all kinds of different claims.
I think the most likely explanation is that he was getting a free trip on the
taxpayer dollar. He traveled all over the world.
I think more than any other official ever had. He loves to travel.
And I think that really what it comes down to is that's why he was there.
If you have any other information about this, again, leave a comment.
But if you want to know the reason why so many countries have interest in Artica
and I have to mention the Antarctica treaty, which was signed back in 1959,
which involves seven different countries,
which has since gone on to involve more than 53.
And these countries have bases. In fact, there's more than 68 bases or 68,
I should say on Antarctica and believe it or not, the United States is,
has the central territory, which touches all the other countries territory.
So go figure on that.
But if you want to know what no one else is talking about virtually no one,
the real interest in Antarctica,
I believe besides on who knows what's underneath the ice. Well,
there are some things we do know that most people are not aware of.
For one thing,
oil it's believed that there's more than 200 billion barrels
of oil underneath the ice or the continent of Antarctica,
which would put it at the third, highest oil reserves in the entire planet.
Some people say this isn't true.
If you look at the Antarctic and Southern ocean coalition,
they say that this is just speculation,
not backed up by actual study and they don't believe it. But I would say like,
wait, don't, don't be so naive.
What do you think all these countries are doing down there? And don't pretend,
you know, what they're doing. This is a huge area of space, you know,
in Antarctica, again, the size of the United States and Mexico.
So if you think that these countries and these companies that are down there
doing all this research,
aren't looking into this stuff and doing things on the down-low. Well,
I think that they are. And since again,
we know about the force and dinosaurs being in Antarctica,
it's fair to say that there is oil under that ground,
but even more significant or as significant I should say is the fact that
they've established that there are quote,
huge deposits or mounts of diamonds located in Antarctica.
And it's not just diamonds either. They have resources, including silver, gold,
copper nickel, platinum cobalt,
which of course is used in all these electric batteries and cars,
even uranium. So think about that. So when you consider again,
that there are 68 basis and 53 countries that are there,
you can start to connect the dots on the significance of Antarctica.
And what we're looking at here is essentially the grand global strategy.
All of these countries are knowing that Sunday, that ice is going to melt.
It might not be in our lifetimes, but you know what, they are prepping for it.
And I, I soon suspect that they're going to start digging for it,
even if it's against the treaty,
which isn't due for renewal and voting until 2048,
but it is worth mentioning that various militaries are on the Antarctica
territory itself. And even though they're not supposed to,
according to the treaty,
but Chilean and Argentina particularly have actual standing army presence there,
but they claim that, oh, this is for scientific research. So it's a loophole.
Think about all that oil and the diamonds and who knows what else might be
underneath that ice. And it starts to make sense anyways,
I'm absolutely going to have to make future videos and Antarctica because there
are too many other topics that I can't include all in one video. And again,
definitely leave a comment,
share any knowledge or insights that you have into this topic or anything that
I've discussed here or left out. But I'm Jimmy,
this is bright insight hit like and subscribe.
And I have many other videos to come and a whole wide variety of topics.
Take care, everybody.